WC-2955 Add documentation for serve_directly usage (#18508)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/routing.mdx

![A request to `example.com/blog` runs the Worker.](~/assets/images/workers/platform/assets/workers-assets-invoke-worker.png)

## Invoking Worker Script Ahead of Assets

> Users may desire to run code before assets are served, much like [middleware in Pages](/pages/functions/middleware/). [`serve_directly`](/workers/static-assets/binding/#serve_directly) is provided as a configuration within wrangler.toml. When disabled, this option forces a user script to be invoked regardless of a request matching an asset.

Reviewer: I have a personal aversion to using the word "middleware" here, esp. when linking it to Pages Functions'. If we can get away without linking to Pages Functions' middleware here, I'd love to. And even better if we can avoid the word altogether, imo. But product should make the call.

```suggestion
Users may wish to run code before assets are served. This is often the case when implementing authentication, logging, personalization, internationalization, or other similar functions. [`serve_directly`](/workers/static-assets/binding/#serve_directly) is a configuration option available in `wrangler.toml` which controls this behavior. When disabled, `serve_directly = false` will invoke the Worker script regardless of any assets that would ordinarily otherwise match.
```

Author: I _knew_ using `middleware` would garner conversation 😆

Take the following directory structure, wrangler.toml, and user Worker code:

```
|---- src
      |___ index.ts
|---- public
      |___ supersecret.html
```

<WranglerConfig>

```toml title="wrangler.toml"
name = "my-worker"
compatibility_date = "2024-09-19"
main = "src/index.ts"
assets = { directory = "./public/", binding = "ASSETS", serve_directly = false }
```

</WranglerConfig>

```js
export default {
  async fetch(
    request: Request,
    env: Env,
    ctx: ExecutionContext
  ): Promise<Response> {
    const url = new URL(request.url);

>     if (url.pathname === "/supersecret.html") {

Reviewer: Since we do `html_handling = "auto"` by default, this actually won't be the final path for this asset. Want to instead make it an image (`.jpg`) or something like that?

Or:

```
public/
  admin/
    dashboard.html
    secret.jpg
  index.html
  logo.png
```

And then check `path.startsWith("/admin")`?

Author: Oh good call! Html handling is always something I forget 😅

![A request to `example.com/blog` runs the Worker.](~/assets/images/workers/platform/assets/workers-assets-invoke-worker.png)

## Invoking Worker Script Ahead of Assets

> Users may wish to run code before assets are served. This is often the case when implementing authentication, logging, personalization, internationalization, or other similar functions. [`serve_directly`](/workers/static-assets/binding/#serve_directly) is a configuration option available in `wrangler.toml` which controls this behavior. When disabled, `serve_directly = false` will invoke the Worker script regardless of any assets that would have otherwise matched.

Reviewer 2: "you" rather than "users" - write like you are talking to a person

Reviewer 2: "Worker" rather than "Worker script"

Reviewer: We were struggling with this a bit, so we're inconsistent in a few places right now.

A Worker can own some static assets. This is like how a Worker can own the implementation of a Durable Object. We didn't want to make it seem like you were connecting to an external resource (e.g. KV or R2) because that's not really an accurate model for how this actually works. We wanted it to be clear that a Worker was made up of compute server-side modules (a.k.a. script) and/or static assets.

When it came to talking about precedence of these two within a Worker, describing "static assets" was easy enough. But we couldn't find a good name for the script piece.

Please do make some suggestions. We're all ears.
